you can see here I've masked off the
background of the mural with application
tape and I've sketched on the design
using a chalk pencil you can get these
from an art shop so sketch as much
detail as possible the next step is to
get white i thin it down it's a base
coat white and I render the entire mural
so using basically that one tone to
create all my shapes and shadows then I
mixed up the yellow for the eyes which
is the actual cacio and I just freehand
about in not worrying too much about the
overspray because I can come back and
clean that up later you can see now I've
used a thinned out black I'm actually
using a PPG 740 which is a brownie sort
of black and I'm using that to create
all my detail so shaping the beak all
the feathers basically using the
textures of the feathers as best as I
can free hand and just layering up on
that I've switched back to white now and
I've done my highlights on top of all
that area and then we'll basically come
back in and clean all that up again now
you can see there's more layering that's
happening the white highlights are on
there however I've brought the black
back in over the top I always usually do
that before the final tone just to crisp
it up all my white so that I get rid of
any of the nasty overspray here you can
see the finished mural all the details
under the eyes the light highlight on
the eyes and basically this is the other
side so and then once you unmask it
because it's on a charcoal base unmasked
up this particular design because
otherwise you're overspray would be
terrible so you can see how crisp it is
that bottom mask edge where I'd killed
the application tape you can basically
come back and fix that up later so even
a light sand with wet and dry sandpaper
will fix that because it's cleared